WOMEN DEFINING AI
Home
What we do
Become a Member
Member Events
More
ama_website_edited.jpg
CHECK OUT THE LATEST EPISODE OF 'NOT ANOTHER AI PODCAST' BY WDAI ON SPOTIFY & YOUTUBE

Ready to Demystify AI?
Join
+40%
higher quality results when AI was used compared to not
Only 35%
of women compared to 52% of men are using AI, widening the digital divide
Only 1/3
of STEM jobs held by women, who also experience higher attrition rates
Mission
We aim to level the playing field for women and non-binary individuals by closing the technology-gap at work, and changing who defines & leads the conversation around innovative technology, starting with generative AI. Let’s FLIP THE SCRIPT.

Illustration of woman with artificial intelligence circuits around her. 
Your Co-Founders
Our organization was born out of a shared vision to empower women, especially those in mid-careers and from non-technical backgrounds, to harness the transformative power of Artificial Intelligence (AI). We believe that AI offers a unique inflection point in technology, one that can help level the playing field in STEM fields, which are traditionally marked by a stark underrepresentation of women.

Invite a Co-Founder to Speak
image.png
Helen Lee Kupp

LinkedIn
Future of Work, Product, Strategy & Analytics


The Future Forum by Slack/Salesforce, Thumbtack, Bain & Company

women_defining_ai_left_eyed_studios_2.jpg
Nichole Sterling

LinkedIn
Strategy & Operations, Human Resources, City Government, AI Agents

​

My Town AI, Stateless, Nederland Board of Trustees
 

Program Leads
Our Program Leads are the heart and soul of Women Defining AI, embodying our core values and culture in everything they do. They are visionaries who lead critical initiatives throughout the year, bringing a unique blend of domain expertise, creativity, and dedication to their role.  

Relentless in their pursuit of integrating AI into their everyday practice, Program Leads are not just advocates but active practitioners, inspiring the community to push boundaries, and ensure our programs deliver meaningful impact. 

Sandhya Simhan
Sandhya Simhan
Head of GTM Ops

image.png
Sandhiya Thiruvengadam
Newsletter Editor-in-chief

Vaishali Mittal
Maninder Paul
Vaishali Mittal, & Maninder Paul
GTM Operations & Social Automations leads

Carolyn Roth
Carolyn Roth
Show Not Tell Series

Morgan Ewen
Lauren Irving
Lauren Irving & Morgan Ewen
AI Foundations Learning Program

Patty O'Brien Novak
Anennya Veeraraghavan
Patty O'Brien Novak & Anennya Veeraraghavan
Build TogetHER Program

Sheena Miles
Shiela.jpeg
Julia Kapoor
Sheena Miles, Sheila Leunig, & Julia Kapoor
"Not Another AI Podcast" Leaders & Co-hosts

Brigitte Lyons
Clairvoyix_9303.jpg
Rita Hokstad & Brigitte Lyons
New Member Experience

Rebekah Leslie-Hurd
Rebekah Leslie-Hurd
AI Insights

Regional Leads
Regional Leads in Women Defining AI are passionate individuals who spearhead initiatives in their home regions to foster a supportive and inclusive community for women and non-binary individuals in AI. Their efforts may include hosting programming workshops, facilitating in-depth discussions on AI topics, or creating tailored support networks to empower women learning AI. These leaders embody our mission of democratizing AI knowledge and building local connections that drive innovation and growth in AI-related fields.

Beatrice Stonebanks
Beatrice Stonebanks
San Francisco Bay Area

Cristine Reynaert
Cristine Reynaert
Los Angeles

Anna Munoz Brown
Anna Brown
Durham

Sumathi Menon
Sumathi Menon
United Kingdom

Maribel Mendoza
Maribel Mendoza
Greater Boston Area

Angeli Carranza
Angeli Carranza
Chicago

Becky Yang Palomon
linkedin photo.JPG
Screenshot 2025-05-06 at 7.14.35 PM.png
Carolyn Roth, Becky Yang Palmon, & Betty Wong Ortiz
Greater New York Area

Email
info@womendefiningai.com

Connect
LinkedIn
2025 Copyright.
All rights reserved.

Terms of Service